---
email: roshang@eng.pdn.ac.lk
post: Deputy Director
name: Prof. Roshan Godaliyadda
photo: ./photos/prof_godaliyadda.jpg
---
Prof. Roshan Godaliyadda received his BSc Eng degree specialized in Electrical and Electronic Engineering with First Class Honors at the University of Peradeniya in 2005. He received his PhD degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the National University of Singapore in 2011. At present he is a professor attached to the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, University of Peradeniya. His research projects are in the areas of Signal and Image Processing, Computer Vision, Hyper Spectral Imaging, Remote Sensing and Geoscience, Smart Grid and Renewable Energy, AI and Pattern Recognition, Bio Medical Signal Processing and Bio Imaging, Computational Epidemiology, Biometrics, Spectral Imaging for Food and Water Quality Estimation, Smart Surveillance, Stochastic Processes and Random Signal Analysis, and Image Forensics. He has obtained research grants from the International Development Research Center (IDRC) Canada, National Science Foundation (NSF), Sri Lanka and other University Research grants. He is a senior member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE), USA. He is member of the IEEE Signal Processing Society, IEEE Computer Society and IEEE Geoscience and Remote Sensing Society. His major received the Presidential Award for Scientific Research in 2018 and 2019. He has won numerous Best Paper Awards in International Conferences such as the 13th IEEE International Conference on Computer Science & Education (ICCSE), Colombo, 12th IEEE International Conference on Industrial and Information Systems (ICIIS-2017), Peradeniya, 17th International Conference on Advances in ICT for Emerging Regions (ICTer2017), Colombo, and 9th IEEE International Conference on Industrial and Information Systems (ICIIS-2014), Gwalior, India. He has also published his work in numerous high impact indexed journals such as IEEE Transactions on Smart Grid, IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, IEEE Access, IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Applied Earth Observations and Remote Sensing, IEEE Transactions on Instrumentation and Measurements, IEEE Communication Letters, IEEE Transactions on Dielectrics and Electrical Insulation, Elsevier Journal of Food Engineering, Elsevier Applied Energy, Elsevier International Journal of Electrical Power and Energy Systems, International Journal of Photoenergy, PlosONE, Education Sciences, Energies, Sensors to name a few. 